# Distributed-Grading-System

The number of students attending universities today is rising daily. As a result, when the academic staff wants to give students homework that is related to the courses they are taking, they add to their own and the research assistants' workloads. In addition, research assistants are given the responsibility of controlling assignments since institutions lack sufficient training personnel. The people tasked with conducting research are unable to do so because of this predicament. A project that can convert homework control into a distributed system is required as a remedy. The creation of a system for student self-grading is intended to address this issue. Distributed grading is a project that uses grade sharing, in which students assign grades to one another, to lighten the load on lecturers in classrooms when there are a lot of students. The goal of this project is to develop a fair and transparent grading system. All of the participants in this project who will take notes are situated to provide grades concurrently. Since there is a transparent grading system, it is expected that each student will gain mastery of the subject by carefully reviewing each assignment within the context of the course he or she has graded. It is also expected that students will establish the most precise cause-and-effect relationships on the subject. By offering transparency, this technique seeks to encourage participants to be fair and prevent potential conflicts in grading. In addition hand, it aims to lessen the workload of faculty members in grading in universities where teaching assistants are scarce so that students can complete more varied and fruitful assignments and researchers and academicians can devote more time to their research, which they are unable to carry out due to the increasing homework load. Students will be able to examine, comment on, and grade the assignments of the students who have been allocated to them as part of the project. The identity of the students will be kept private throughout the interpretation and grading process, and only the students whose assignment has received comments will be able to see them. A professional will be present in this system in addition to the pupils. The lecturer who teaches the course is chosen as the expert by default, however other people can be in this role if they so desire. Students will be able to grade the amount of homework that the expert has set for each student to check. The required quantity of homework, which will be distributed at random to pupils, will be reviewed by them.
